c:\users\rupanim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzimuthSystems\AzimuthSystems\bin\AzimuthSystems.dll.config
c:\users\rupanim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzimuthSystems\AzimuthSystems\bin\AzimuthSystems.dll
c:\users\rupanim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzimuthSystems\AzimuthSystems\bin\AzimuthSystems.pdb
c:\users\rupanim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzimuthSystems\AzimuthSystems\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\rupanim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzimuthSystems\AzimuthSystems\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\rupanim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzimuthSystems\AzimuthSystems\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\rupanim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzimuthSystems\AzimuthSystems\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\rupanim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzimuthSystems\AzimuthSystems\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\rupanim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzimuthSystems\AzimuthSystems\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\rupanim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzimuthSystems\AzimuthSystems\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\rupanim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzimuthSystems\AzimuthSystems\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\rupanim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzimuthSystems\AzimuthSystems\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\rupanim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzimuthSystems\AzimuthSystems\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\rupanim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzimuthSystems\AzimuthSystems\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\rupanim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzimuthSystems\AzimuthSystems\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\rupanim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzimuthSystems\AzimuthSystems\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\rupanim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzimuthSystems\AzimuthSystems\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\rupanim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzimuthSystems\AzimuthSystems\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\rupanim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzimuthSystems\AzimuthSystems\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\rupanim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzimuthSystems\AzimuthSystems\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\rupanim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzimuthSystems\AzimuthSystems\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\rupanim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzimuthSystems\AzimuthSystems\obj\Debug\AzimuthSystems.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\rupanim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzimuthSystems\AzimuthSystems\obj\Debug\AzimuthSystems.dll
c:\users\rupanim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzimuthSystems\AzimuthSystems\obj\Debug\AzimuthSystems.pdb
